[WIP] External client public address discovery (#703)
hazelcast/hazelcast-nodejs-client: DOCUMENTATION.md

- `hazelcast.client.operation.fail.on.indeterminate.state`: Default value is `false`. When it is `true`, if an operation has sync backups and acks are not received from backup replicas in time, or the member which owns primary replica of the target partition leaves the cluster, then the invocation fails. However, even if the invocation fails, there will not be any rollback on other successful replicas.

## 5.8. External Client Public Address Discovery

> When you set up a Hazelcast cluster on Kubernetes (and/or any Cloud provider) and would like to use it from outside Kubernetes (or from a different Kubernetes cluster), the client needs to communicate with all cluster members via their public IP addresses. Whenever Hazelcast cluster members are able to resolve their own public external IP addresses, they pass this information to the client. As a result, the client can use public addresses for communication, if it cannot access members via private IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set up a Hazelcast cluster in the Cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes) and would like to use it from outside the Cloud network, the client needs to communicate with all cluster members via their public IP addresses. Whenever Hazelcast cluster members are able to resolve their own public external IP addresses, they pass this information to the client. As a result, the client can use public addresses for communication, if it cannot access members via private IPs.
```

Author: Thanks! I've applied the change.
